BD-3000: Braze Go article (#7206)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/pricing/braze_go.md

# Braze Go

> Braze Go offers streamlined access to the Braze customer engagement platform to help your marketing teams start anywhere and go everywhere. Designed for simplicity and efficiency, Braze Go is tailored for select emerging markets.

{% alert important %}
Braze Go is not available in all markets. If you are interested in learning more about Braze Go, contact your account manager.
{% endalert %}

Braze Go offers all of the same functionality as Braze, with the focused changes to the following features: 

- You can have up to 30 active campaigns.
- You can have up to 20 active Canvases.

> - The total REST API default rate limit is 50,000 per hour, per app group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The total REST API default rate limit is 50,000 per hour, per workspace.
```
